feat: use shared bundles (#380)
webpack-contrib/karma-webpack: README.md

    webpack: {
      // karma watches the test entry points
      // Do NOT specify the entry option
      // webpack watches dependencies

      // webpack configuration
    },
  });
}
```

### Default webpack configuration

> This configuration will be merged with what get's provided via karmas config.webpack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This configuration will be merged with what gets provided via karma's config.webpack.
```
